(feat): Samuel/openai example (#25)
chalk-ai/examples: 12_model/README.md

@online
def get_user_churn_probability(
        age: User.age,
        num_friends: User.num_friends,
        viewed_minutes: User.viewed_minutes,
) -> User.probability_of_churn:
    """
    This resolver runs a model that has been trained on a user's age, num_friends
    and viewed_minutes. It returns a platform churn prediction.
    """
    return churn_model.predict(np.array([[age, num_friends, viewed_minutes]]))
```

## 2. OpenAI

> Chalk also makes it easy to integrate third party models, such as OpenAI into your resolvers. In the

Author: ```suggestion
Chalk also makes it easy to integrate third party models, such as ChatGPT, into your resolvers. In the
```

> Chalk also makes it easy to integrate third party models, such as ChatGPT, into your resolvers. In the

Author: ```suggestion
Chalk also makes it easy to integrate third party models, like ChatGPT, into your resolvers. In the
```

> following example, we use the OpenAI GPT-3 model to answer questions about our Users.

Author: ```suggestion
following example, we use GPT-3 model to answer questions about our Users.
```
